Dunno why I chose the filename.  It's just been a word that's present recently.  Here are some others

natural
communication
tolerance

and some more

control
aggression


As humans, we all seek to control.  Which is not inherently bad.  With
this natural drive, we've built many wonderful things and societal
structures.

So how to balance that wish to control?

I say we do it with education and communication.  These efforts are
both explicitly about control.  But it's a far weaker form of control
than we already have embedded in much of our societal structure.  And
also somewhat complementary to societal controls of various sorts:
mores, laws, traditions.

Status is the key to understanding us.  We naturally seek status.  All
social animals do.  It's the process by which evolution is manifest,
in that status propels most of us to attempt to seek the most "fit"
sexual partner and/or parent of our children.  Since status is
inherent in the measure of fitness, this dynamically changing goal
(general consensus of any population as to what exactly constitutes
high and low status) is capable of continuing to drive progress as
societies and humans ourselves change over time.

I propose a meme that explictly calls out to us to examine our notions
of fashion, our favorite fictions and all of our actions in our daily
lives, because these are the things that recreate the society(ies) we
live in as we interact with it(them).  Aiming for complete tolerance
of other humans should be a primary goal.  But with a practical
understanding that there are still behaviors and actions which we
cannot tolerate.  But we should be able to tolerate almost any idea,
speech, writing or communication.