To try to bring this back to the realm of reality (and get me past my
"block" on this project), I thought I'd just aim for a basic outline.


Humans have natural urges and desires.  These are quite malleable as
they can be utilized to help other humans, hurt other humans or be
agnostic to other humans.  In the domain of reproduction, these urges
are often connected to the very core of our "selves."  I do not wish
to try to make headway in this arena (other than arguing against
violence and coercion, whether it is related to sexuality or anything
else).  But it is silly to continue "competing" with each other when
we are all able to communicate.  Let's instead cooperate with each
other in a fashion that attempts to minimize risk.

The way I see it, principles are primary, and goals will naturally
emerge (as principles are primarily constraining in their nature).

I've given my own principles (as best I understand them).  I believe
that it is useful and proper to set my principles as a "goal" in and
of themselves.  That is to say, principles should be what I aspire to,
not necessarily a record of how I have lived my life up until this
point.

The existing economy(ies) perpetuate our emotional tendencies (because
it's quite trivial for marketing people to play on these natural urges
we have in order to sell us stuff, services and even information) and
lock us in to an endless rat race, where we end up chasing our own
tails for the sake of status.



control

trust deception

money is not value

the business of business is not value producing, rather it's a
constraint -- if we remove it (or replace it with another), the
resulting patterns may be far more elegant, efficient, diverse, etc...


much (most? all?) potential is value-neutral, as in it may be put to use in the cause of a "good" purpose, and/or also in the pursuit of evil -- the only defense against the latter is 




Timothy Morton
Terrence Deacon
David Graeber
Richard Dawkins
