there are so many ways people can dominate each other -- it all comes
down to first choice at resources though (as I see it)

there is a strong urge (i think in most men) to dominate others --
really it's not different than the chicken coop where there are only
two outliers at either end of the spectrum -- obviously the rooster
reaps the rewards, but the chicken that is on the lowest rung (and so
has nobody to go beat up when another chicken abuses her) can only try
to tough it out and wait for the next generation to grow up so that
she can hopefully find at least *one* of her sisters/neices/daughters
to get above in the pecking order

but we shouldn't consign ourselves to the lot of chickens!  we should
do better about understanding these natural urges and drives and find
better ways to divert, minimize and (as a last resort) suppress the
ones we realize have negative impacts on society

driving (especially in some cities) can be an exercise in
dominance/submission -- now that I've been riding a motorcycle a lot,
I understand how important safety-wise submission is (though I drove
in a dominant way for years and still struggle sometimes with trying
to resist the urge to be aggressive behind the wheel)


i see the employer/employee relationship as a dominant/submissive
relationship -- were there true transparency in terms of employer
behavior (and compensation) perhaps it might become more egalitarian
-- having really never tested the waters of "independent contracting"
i can't speak from experience

but purchasing an object doesn't seem to have the same
dominant/submissive connotation to me
