principles to gather my self and others around


We love and respect this planet.  We believe that much of the value of
the current planet is contained in interactions between various
components which are inherently dynamic and more complex than our
current knowledge allows us to understand.  This planet is not simply
a collection of resources that are here for humanity to consume and
exploit without any restraint.  If we continue to treat it that way,
we believe the danger (to humanity as well as the planet itself) is
potentially large.

We believe that humankind may be exerting undue pressure on many
planetary subsystems (ecosystems and otherwise) due to our somewhat
large numbers, as well as our technology, and the "footprint" of our
collective existences.

We think that it's possible to eventually change the behavior of
enough of humankind so as to preserve many currently existing
"natural" systems.  We believe this will be a tough challenge, and
that in order to succeed, most probably new ways of thinking and
coming together (as large communities of humans) will need to be
explored and developed.

We explicitly respect those humans working towards living off-planet.
We believe that sharing technology and ideas (and perhaps more) with
those in pursuit of that goal can only benefit both earth and the
adventurers who want to leave.

We believe in the inherent value of the natural world as perhaps the
best possible educational tool that could ever exist.  We believe that
introducing people of all ages, but especially young children to the
raw beauty and power of nature is inherently benficial.

We understand that some of the answers to some of the questions we may
ask will probably lead us to the conclusion that substantial changes
in our lifestyles, ways of interacting with others, and perhaps even
our value systems is meritted.  We know that changing our patterns of
behavior is hard, but we agree to make the attempt for the sake of
trying to give future generations of humans as many options as
possible.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
the meta information

I, Charles King Derr, in the past having used the aliases Ernst Doubt,
Sherlock Costello, and dort(munder) (among others), set out to create
this document beginning mid-July of 2013.  This is not meant to be
universal in any way.  Rather I see it as a way to potentially bring
together like-minded folk around the issues of environmental and
planetary health.  It seems possible to me that similar documents
might be created around other specific important issues.  Perhaps one
day I'll try to do that with a different issue I care deeply about.

Initially (as I compose this right now), I have not shared this
writing with anyone, so it's perhaps somewhat disingenuous of me to
use the word "we" instead of "I", but I do have hope that among the
several billion other people on the planet, there will be at least one
who finds nothing objectionable in these principles.  So it's a
hopeful "we", not an intentionally deceptive use of that pronoun.

Inclusivity and tolerance are paramount first-order concerns for me. 

Those who wish to see how this document initially came together 
(and then how it evolved and changed) can check
https://github.com/edoubt/cruft/blob/master/writing/mine/nature 
(at least as long as github is in existence).

One main goal is to structure these principles so as to invite those
who may disagree into a dialogue.  Perhaps I've got some of the above
wrong.  I see the participation of those who may disagree with me as
the best way to potentially correct any problems.
