an attempt to iterate over principles few could quibble with (though almost certainly not all will adopt either):



We seek to live in harmony with other people and the natural world.

We understand that we have emotional urges as a result of human
evolution in the tribal hunter-gatherer past of our ancestors.  We
will work hard to override the negative urges and collectively use
societal standards (and the support of our close friends/family if
available) as a support network to help us all achieve this goal.

We understand that personal freedom is essential.

We understand that there may come a time when society (or a smaller
group) will act in a coercive and/or restrictive way towards
individuals who are working against the best interests of human
society.


We understand that humans are social beings and we support the 
efforts of anyone attempting to connect individuals in any way.

We believe that tolerance is essential, but only within limits.
Society's boundaries may not be perfect, but ever person is entitled
to build her own choice of what she chooses to tolerate.  And we
should strive to express our intolerance with posture rather than
action (unless the offense is truly aggregious (i.e. definitively
violent in nature)).

We believe that conflict should be addressed with non-violent
dialogue; the more the better. Try to get everyone talking to everyone
else.

Violence should be a tool of absolutely last resort.  

We understand that humans inherently have the capacity (perhaps even
tendency?) to be deceptive.  Nevertheless we will strive to avoid
deception and we will point it out where we can identify it in others,
hopefully in a fashion that can be heard and understood by the
offender(s).

We understand that the structures of society and community ultimately
trump state and tribe.  Which is to say that the standards, habits and
lifestyle of the people who live in a particular area define that
locale as much as a national/state/provincial/whatever boundary does.

We understand that specifically our tribal background (and evolution
in general) has given humans a strong drive to compete against each
other and even to hate outsiders (members of other tribes).  We aim 
to carefully fashion the groups we gather together in in a way that
attempts to never define a non-member negatively.